= accessible_attributes

Dynamic attr_accessible for Active Record, inspired by Ryan Bates {Railscasts
episode 237}[http://railscasts.com/episodes/237-dynamic-attr-accessible].

== Installation

Add the following line to your Gemfile
    gem 'accessible_attributes'

Then run <tt>bundle install</tt> and you're good to go

== Usage

This gem sets <tt>attr_accessible</tt> to <tt>nil</tt> on <tt>ActiveRecord::Base</tt>, requiring you to use
<tt>attr_accessible</tt> in all of your Active Record models to set which attributes you
want to be able to mass-assign by default.

In your controllers, to mass-assign attributes that are not enabled by default, see the following example
    @model = Model.new
    @model.accessible = :my_attribute
    @model.attributes = params[:model]

You can also set accessible to :all to make all attributes available for mass-assignment
    @model = Model.new
    @model.accessible = :all
    @model.update_attributes(params[:model])

For more information, see the {Railscasts episode}[http://railscasts.com/episodes/237-dynamic-attr-accessible] or {read it on Asciicasts}[http://asciicasts.com/episodes/237-dynamic-attr-accessible]

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a
  commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Steven Hancock. See MIT-LICENSE for details.

